welcome back to film on today i'm going
to explain the movie called the late
bloomer from 2016.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
this movie is about a 27 year old man
and after turning 27 he suddenly became
too active in a sexual relationship
then what happens next watch the whole
video to know the rest
the movie begins with a man named peter
he was 27 years old and he was a sex
therapist
he treats sex-obsessed people
peter started the therapy of a very hot
patient but the girl started to seduce
him and offered him to have sex with her
but we saw that peter was such a good
guy and he gave the girl a book that he
wrote by himself
he wrote about how we can control our
feelings and live our lives in peace
peter was totally against sex and he
says that he never got the urge to have
sex in his life
he thinks that sex distracts us from our
goal and we can live our life without
sex
after that we saw peter in his room with
two of his friends
they were rich and luke
they had the key to peter's house
from their conversation we found that
they were such playboys
peter told them he needs to go outside
for some time because michelle invited
him over to her house and she will cook
some dishes for him
we found out that peter secretly likes
her he went to michelle's house with a
wine bottle and then he met charlie
charlie was michelle's boyfriend
charlie only cares about his business
then peter met michelle and she was
cooking different types of dishes for
everyone
peter tried that food and he was so
happy with them he told michelle to open
up a restaurant
michelle liked this idea as well after
the party peter went to his parents
house and his dad was so worried about
him being non-sexual
he told his mom that it would still be
fine if he was gay but he has no idea
about what he is and why he is like this
he has no attraction towards sex at all
peter discovered that his book has
become very famous
his boss told him this
and he's been invited to a very popular
radio show for an interview and she also
told him that this interview will be
very much beneficial for the clinic
when she came back home in the evening
he met charlie outside of michelle's
room and peter found out that they broke
up since charlie was always busy with
his work
he didn't give any time to michelle
peter went to meet michelle after
charlie left
he hugged her since she was so sad
after that michelle told him now i'll
focus on being a chef
and peter also told her to listen to her
heart
michelle was impressed by his words and
suddenly she kissed him but still peter
was not interested in having sex
he felt a headache and left her house
actually peter had this sickness where
he will get headaches at different times
of the day and we will find the reason
behind this ahead in the video
the next morning luke and rich took
peter with them to play basketball match
while playing another player threw the
ball at his balls and peter passed out
right on the court
luke and rich immediately took him to
the hospital and he got the headache
once again
the doctor did a ct scan and mri scan of
his head
when the doctor took off his pants then
they found his testicles but they were
too small in size
which means his testicles were smaller
than normal
this was the reason behind him being
non-sexual
the next morning the doctor got the
reports of those tests and he told peter
that he has a tumor in his body and it
has squeezed his pituitary gland for
years
that's why his body is not developing
any testosterone hormones
and his body was developing a hormone
called prolactin
this means peter never reached puberty
even though he was 27 years old
and that's why peter never got the urge
to have sex
and he wrote so many books against sex
the doctor told him that they will take
out his tumor through operation and then
he will achieve puberty after hearing
this peter became so happy because he
always thought that there was something
wrong with him
peter's operation was successful and
everyone welcomed him into his new life
peter went to his parents house from the
hospital so that his body could recover
faster
he tried to get a hard on by looking at
hot magazines but nothing happened
the next day his friends came to meet
him they brought a stripper with them to
solve peter's problem
they told the girl to seduce him the
girl tried so hard but still peter
didn't get his heart on
but luke had his heart on and the girl
was also tired the next morning peter
woke up and came downstairs
when his parents saw him they were so
happy they started to celebrate which
means finally he had his first erection
finally he achieved puberty
he immediately got ready to live his new
life
he went to his apartment and saw that
his friend luke brought a girl to have
sex with peter immediately told them to
leave but still peter's penis was so
hard
that's why he went to the bathroom and
masturbated
after that he masturbated all the time
one day michelle told him that she was
going to a cooking challenge and if she
wins the challenge then she will get to
work in a big restaurant in los angeles
then she will be able to start her
journey to become a chef
that's why she will be out of town this
week
after hearing this peter felt a bit sad
but still he was happy for her
when he went to his office he became
horny because of the story of his
patient and he was feeling very
uncomfortable
he straight went to the doctor and asked
him about his problems and why he was
getting too much attracted towards sex
the doctor told him that you achieved
puberty 15 years later and that's why
everything is happening inside your body
very fast
this means the fire you've had inside
your body since your teenage years has
now become a volcano there will be some
side effects of this as well such as
uncomfortable feelings sudden urge to
have sex and your voice will change as
well
but don't worry everything will be fixed
soon
that evening peter talked to michelle
and asked her about the first day of the
competition
but michelle talked about someone else
and peter felt a bit jealous
the next day peter went to a radio show
for an interview
he was not able to complete the
interview due to a sudden change in his
voice
that night he went to meet his parents
and told them about his problems
his parents told him about puberty very
clearly but instead of listening to them
he started to argue with them like a
teenage kid and then he left
when he left we found out that his dad
was not upset about this argument
instead he was happy and he told his
wife that we've waited for 15 years for
this moment
peter was talking to michelle on a video
call and once again michelle told him
about another guy
he became mad at her and cut the call
the next morning when peter met rich in
luke rich told him to babysit his kid on
the upcoming 22nd day of the month
because it was their anniversary
he and his wife will have dinner and
then they will have sex
because they were not able to have sex
because of their kid
peter agreed with him
slowly peter was getting too much
attracted towards sex
that's why one of his neighbors told him
to meet some girls on tinder
then he could have sex
peter did this to earn some experience
because he does not want to disappoint
michelle at all
peter did this all day and all night and
he had sex with so many girls
one day when he came back to his
apartment he saw charlie outside of
michelle's house
he came here to say sorry to michelle
and he had brought flowers for her as
well peter told him not to worry and he
will give her the flowers when she comes
back
charlie trusted him and left
that night suddenly michelle came back
and she found the flowers
she said thank you to peter for the
flowers
but peter didn't tell her that charlie
had sent these flowers
after that peter straightly asked her to
go out on a dinner date with him
she agreed with him and since it was
their first date peter got dressed up
very well
but then suddenly his friend rich called
him
he told him that tonight you were
supposed to come here and babysit my kid
peter forgot that today was the 22nd day
of the month
peter told him that they could not go
there because he was going on a date
with michelle
rich became mad at him and peter was
acting like a kid
peter went to a fancy restaurant with
michelle michelle was so impressed
because it was too tough to get a seat
in that restaurant
peter acted like a spoiled teenager in
front of michelle
because he wanted to show her that he's
not like before anymore now he's become
so cool
michelle found it very weird
they started having dinner but then rich
came there with his wife and we found
out that rich had booked this table but
peter was sitting at this table with
michelle
actually peter stole rich's reservation
because he thought that rich would never
come since his kid was home but rich
told him that luke came to babysit his
kid at the last minute because he was
not selfish like peter
after hearing this michelle left the
restaurant
when peter stopped her she told him that
she just received a message from charlie
and he told me that he had sent me those
flowers not you
and then she left
the next day we saw peter in his office
his patient told him about her fantasies
she told him that she's obsessed with
oral sex
since peter just hit puberty his penis
got hard after hearing her story
he started to take off his pants to have
oral sex with his patient but then his
boss caught him red-handed and suspended
him for some time
time went by and peter was having
difficulties in controlling his urges
and changes in his body
he was so depressed and worried so he
went to his dad
he told him that he could not control
his emotions and feelings about sex
his dad told him that this is normal for
a guy who just hit puberty it's in our
dna
but we must face our situations because
there's a difference between a real man
and a man who just acts like a real man
peter asked him about what he should say
in the radio show because he can't even
control himself
his dad told him to say anything that
comes to his mind
the next day in the show peter told
everyone that the book he's written is
trash and he told them that i haven't
felt this feeling for the past 15 years
and now i've learned to express my
feelings instead of ignoring them
sex is a very important part of our life
and we should enjoy it instead of
ignoring it
everyone became so happy with him and
clapped their hands
after that peter went to rich and said
sorry to him
rich forgave him
then rich and luke told him to go to
michelle and tell her the truth she'll
understand for sure after that he went
to michelle's restaurant and she was
with charlie and he told everyone about
his tumor and puberty and the problem
he's gone through
michelle became sad by this story and
michelle broke up with charlie
michelle and peter kissed each other in
front of everyone
in the last scene we saw that michelle
was pregnant and she was with peter
peter was doing therapy for the kids and
he wrote a book about puberty and its
problems
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well
thanks